what's up you guys chardon miss prime
here doing another Marvel Legends toy
review on Marvel Legends Scarlet Witch
I'm doing this video due to requests
from ghetto gypsy a very cool guy check
out his page a very very nice guy he's
hooking me up with some some Soundwave
pieces for my transformers collection so
very generous dude and he's just asking
that uh you know I he's asking for a
Scarlet Witch review and vision review
so I'm gonna do both of those but right
now I'm starting out with Scarlet Witch
probably gonna do a couple other reviews
before I get to the vision because I
have a bunch of requests and there's
that Ares that everybody wants to see so
well I had a couple not everybody but a
couple requests so this figure if you
remember if you're if you're collecting
Marvel Legends while the legend Marvel
Legends when the legendary legendary
Rider series came out you'll remember
that this Scarlet Witch was the
number one pain-in-the-ass
figure to get she was super expensive I
remember she shot up like 50 bucks like
right away super hard to get and then
later on they started making more of her
and and then it got cheaper and stuff
and that's around the time I picked her
up but um I don't know how much she goes
for right now but I think all the toy
biz legends have all shot up in price
but um yeah so um for super rare figure
she's wack man I don't really
think she's that great of a figure I
mean you have to have her if you like
The Avengers or if you want her with
your Brotherhood figures Brotherhood of
Evil Mutants figures but I mean she as a
figure it's just wack dude but you know
I had to have her because you know I
really like The Avengers and stuff so
why is she whacked will her likeness is
kind of weird I mean they they kind of
picked and it looks like her okay so I'm
not saying it doesn't look like wandah
but it's it's kind of up you know
what I mean like her face is not very
pretty and and this is the classic style
lately when she's been in the comics
she's been a lot hotter and sexier and
longer straighter hair and stuff and her
cloak her cape has been you know kind of
wrapping around her you know so I guess
you know she's been making a comeback
after the whole 198th thing and all that
so she's
her paint is kind of weird as she's got
these freckles on her face
I hope it's coming it's okay just take
my word not word for it it's not really
coming through the camera you know I
have a sheaf of him camera so it's done
she has little freckles which I don't
know if are intentional because like
true you know like siren type of
freckles you know it's like freckles of
a redhead I don't remember I don't know
she's known for having hella freckles
like that but they give her freckles
okay but um so I guess the likeness is
okay um but the paint detail on this
figure is actually very weak for toybiz
uh the hair is just a solid Brown
nothing much to it there this paint on
her tiara thingy is very lame
it's just like very it looks like almost
like cuss like I you know like someone
just anybody could have just customized
it and just painted this red goop on
there they should have like primer did
or something first I think I don't know
but um uh it's it's she's got this
little cape which is okay not a big deal
when I posed her I always I tend to put
her on one of those clear stands which
she does not have a whole peg for you
gotta just stick it under the Cape but
she'll just hang right fine and she's
got uh she has some red mixed in here
with the pink a little bit of black
mixed in with the red so there is very
little you know paint detailing but not
much okay articulation is weird and this
is where the figure gets really whacked
to me
it's she's got these ball joints
on the shoulders which are okay typical
Marvel Legends you know double
jointed elbows a forearm join
the fingers do clamp down together and
wrist moves up and down same thing with
the other side but she's got a bunch of
joints inside her torso which is weird
so she has this upper joint right here
alright and she's got this um this torso
joint this AB joint alright that moves a
bit can't move her too much and then
she's got this bottom waist joint so
there's a bit you could do with her over
there but the legs are really weird they
just move side to side they don't really
move forward
that's the weirdest part
to me it's like the legs are don't move
forward and um man that kind of I don't
know that's kind of a flat ass right
there isn't it's kind of weird
not as curvy as I'm used to with the
Marvel Legends they make them usually
curvier but um if I can't walk off to
this man it's like the figure seems
listen to me now I'm just kidding uh but
um I walk off to my transformer it's not
my Marvel Legends okay so I um
yeah so you can't really move the legs
forward and they do move side to side
just fine okay but the articulation the
legs are very poor and she has a double
jointed knees that's regular I mean and
the boot joint moves and the ankles are
very small
don't move side to side really but move
forward and back and you can't stand her
up it's it's a well it's I mean she does
stand but it's a bitch it's it's not
really easy for her to stand I can get
her to stand but your best bet is just
taking one of those clear stands there
you go so she can stand but um it's very
hard so she's kind of a pain in the ass
she does come with her writer um comes
in these two pieces when you get in
package and take that peg just sticking
this hole right here and she can stand
and write on this thing so she can she
just have hole pegs bottom of her feet
and she and she just rides it like this
this legendary Rider series I thought
the concept was so lame at the time
because it's like why are you gonna do
all these build of figures and then take
them away and give us this instead you
know what I mean like I can much rather
have like these little writer thing you
said I never use in my setups you know
instead of a build a figure so yeah
that's basically it not much left to say
about this figure I mean it's a
must-have if you have if you're all
about the Avengers and you know or
if you're that big on x-men you know
what I mean she's not super essential
for x-men but now kind of depending on
your point of view but it's not really
that great of a figure all right
so check her out
I mean that's well I know I'm kind of
saying that for no reason but yeah
that's all I got to say Scarlet Witch
thanks for watching